Docker mounting (#108)
PTG-Kitware/angel_system: ros_bags/README.md

This folder will be mounted to the docker container when recording ros bags.
Instead of having to copy over the recorded bags to the local filesystem, simply

> move them to the ros\_bags folder and they will be moved to this folder on the local

Reviewer: ```suggestion
move them to the ros\_bags folder and they will be stored in this folder on the local
```
